Isn't this for drinking?
How? How do you know?
Why is he an outsider more nervous than your master?
disease
You just swore that there is no drink here
What the hell is going on?
Because I am the master here
The eldest lady of the Ye family, hahaha, oops, Ye Qiuyan
You need some face
What's wrong with touching porcelain?
I want to touch porcelain, the richest daughter in the city
Miss, do you match?
Shouldn't it be when you're cleaning
Did you steal it?
Moved the wine from the refrigerator to the living room
That's why I can't find it.
I see
You see, we question the eldest lady Ye Qiuyan
You are too vicious
No matter how jealous you are and how much you frame the eldest lady
You can never be a lady
Ye Qiuyun, you have repeatedly contradicted the eldest lady
It's my business if I take over your company again
Pack your things for me tomorrow and get out
You have been deceived by Ye Meng
Don't be bloody
This Ye family
It's really cool
Any drink is 82 years old
What will Baiwei's Sutra meet?
This wine is not gargling for me
Hey, come, come, come
You all sit down, I'll have a drink with you today
As for you, just stand and watch
Come on, let's have a drink.
Celebrate Miss Lin
How can this put you in the back door?
Be a little assistant
So, I'll send it tomorrow.
Let you be the manager
Hahaha, then celebrate my promotion, okay?
Come come
Ye Meng, aren't you the eldest lady?
Why don't you know?
You need to sober up before drinking this wine
Who said I was going to drink him?
Stop it